Welcome back.
Before we get started with some coding and implementing this I wanted to finalize our knowledge and
our understanding of both cookies and GW.
If I open up my developer tools here and go to application you'll see that in the storage section we
have something called Cookie's and cookies.
Here are exactly that pieces of strings that you see over here.
Get habbe has assigned to me so that it remembers our session.
Or perhaps another piece of data.
And if I click on here I'll actually display some of these cookies.
And that's how we store cookies on the browser.
And remember these cookies don't mean anything other than a piece of string that identifies us on the
hub server.
On the other hand when it comes to JWT and are all linked to this Web site this is what a JWT token
looks like and you can see here when it's encoded it's just complete gibberish.
But when it's decoded it has all this information.
It has Hetter.
You can see what kind of algorithm we used.
What type of tokened it is.
And you also have the payload of information.
So for example if I wanted the name to say Andre you'll see that as I type it changes things over here
and the token
so that every time I decode this token I can simply grab this information perhaps a user name and you
see here that the signature is verified.
So now all I can say is I can sign this and actually create this token.
And because this is now verified I can simply verify this token and grab this information whenever I
want.
So you see here how it's different from a cookie.
It actually has meaning in here and you simply can just decode it.
Now you might notice here that I can just grab any JWT and just pasted in here and grab the information
right away.
And this is a reason that you don't necessarily want to put sensitive information into the payload because
anybody that has a JWT tokin can just come onto this Web site and paste the encoded JWT and all get
decoded again.
I'm going to show you ways to not do this when we actually start coding and remember how I said that
with Jason weap tokens.
It's pretty pretty easy.
Well with the Jason Webb token package all we need to do is install JWT and then finally we simply sign
the token with whatever information we want.
In this case we see that it's a foo bar and some sort of a secret string and then any time we receive
it we simply if we scroll down run the verify function and we're able to verify and decode the token.
All right.
I think that's enough talk we need to start coding and we need to start implementing sessions in our
app grab your terminal grab your favorite text editor.
We're going to start coding.
See in the next one by.